	The website I built is centralized around the gaming company, Blizzard Entertainment. Throughout my life I’ve invested chunks of my time playing the games Blizzard has developed and have also gone to numerous gaming conventions in Anaheim, CA to witness the pure epicness of their gaming finales and future announcements for these games. My goal and purpose of this website is to inform individuals of the success of Blizzard and to make them aware of their different projects and games that they have worked on. Not only that but I also wanted to delve into how Blizzard had gotten started. 

	The different pages of my website were primarily based off the games Blizzard Entertainment had produced as well as some background information on the company. There were also a few additional pages figured in to meet some of the other expectations that was needed for this website I built, like the suggestion page and the mini game page. On top of that I have a reference page to cite the sources of my material.
	
	My website has a few features that were put into the design. Some of the main ones would be the table which reflected the actual release dates and names of their games and the suggestion page where a form was utilized if individuals wanted to put in suggestions on the layout or information of the website. There is also the p5.js program displayed as a mini game on the website.

	The design of the webpages overall was fairly simple, in terms I wanted to provide background on games while also giving an image on them, so they could directly know what I was referencing. The color scheme I chose was just a simple gray, blue, white combo to keep the layout cool but not over doing it. Images, overall, were a pretty big contributing factor because it directly let me link the topic to the items themselves rather than the webpage just being a wall of text. On top of that, I utilized unordered list to list the differing games in a franchise and also to refer to the history of the company as a whole.

	Some of the biggest issues I ran into while setting up this website was constantly having to mess with the images to get them in the position I wanted then. Syntax for the placement was important as well because I ran into some errors while trying to validator them. Also, another issue I had was adding in a p5js sketch to the website. While trying to do so it kept displaying below my footer rather than in the main page like I was aiming for. The solution was adding in an extra line in the setup of the program itself.

I learned quite a bit while designing my own website, a lot of it was generic knowledge in terms of html while others were more tedious, similar to my picture placement problems or even setting up a table and managing the rows and columns.
